Enclosure / Setbacks
Enclosure is determined by the relationship between the height of buildings and the distance between buildings on opposite side of street (width of the street plus setbacks)
So, setbacks are not a separate thing from enclosures. They are part of the enclosure measurement.

Distance to Amenities / Transport
It is important that the player experiences the presence of(or not) amenities/transport within their virtual walk along the street. So this feature should let player increase/decrease the occurrences of amenity types and transport infrastructure along the stretch of street they can walk on.
(The UI mock-up has a menu selector where player can read the distance in km. This doesn’t satisfy the requirement of the player actually experiencing seeing the amenities along their walk)

Player Profile
2nd option is ‘Utilitarian’ and not ‘Authoritarian’. It refers to a player who is going on a walk to achieve something specific (eg commuting, shopping, getting to a metro), as opposed to ‘Leisure’ which means they are walking for the pleasure of walking.

Dimension UI
The requirements does not ask for the user to be able to change building width.
Delete Building
The requirements ask for the user to experience the streets with different densities of buildings.
The mock-up suggests the user can delete individual buildings, but this would then take the user a very long time to modify the building density along the length of a street, by manually deleting them one by one. And this would stop the user from quickly trying out their walk with different building densities.

Menu Design
The requirements need the player to be able to walk up and down their street at any time.
Its isn’t clear from this menu how you expect the player to move between ‘Walking the Street’ ‘Modifying the Street’ ‘Scoring the Street’

Profile Menu
This mock up of a street looks nice, but not sure why it’s called Profile Menu ?
Tree Density
This mock-up meets the requirements for trees,
The requirements also expect the user to change other types of greenery

UI Slider design / hidden
This is cool. I like the way the panel can slide in and out, and that it has all the slider controls immediately accessible, and that it is semi-transparent to minimize visual distratcion for the player from their experience of the street.
